Review and update the walkthrough (#1876)
iterative/vscode-dvc: extension/resources/walkthrough/view-container.md

project available in the workspace:

<p float="left">
  <img src="images/view-container-welcome.png"
       alt="Welcome View" width="49%" />
  <img src="images/view-container-support.png"
       alt="Support View" width="49%" />
</p>

> 🤗 If something goes wrong, you have a feature request, or you need some help-
> don't hesitate to ping us in the [Discord](https://discord.gg/BGCjJHvDHt)
> channel or open an issue on
> [GitHub](https://github.com/iterative/vscode-dvc/issues). We are happy to
> help.

If DVC and the extension are initialized, side bar will exposes multiple views:

<p float="left">
  <img src="images/view-container-show.png"
       alt="Show DVC Container View" width="49%" />
  <img src="images/view-container-columns.png"
       alt="Columns View" width="49%" />
</p>
<p float="left">
  <img src="images/view-container-experiments.png"
       alt="Experiments View" width="49%" />
  <img src="images/view-container-sort.png"
       alt="Sort By View" width="49%" />
</p>
<p float="left">
  <img src="images/view-container-filter.png"
       alt="Filter By View" width="49%" />
  <img src="images/view-container-plots.png"
       alt="Plots View" width="49%" />
</p>

> - `COLUMNS`. Used to fine-tune the experiments table to focus on the most
>   important metrics, parameters, and data signals and to view all available
>   columns.
> - `EXPERIMENTS`. Exposes the list of experiments, their checkpoints and common
>   actions.
> - `SORT BY`. Used to display and configure how the experiments table is sorted.
> - `FILTER BY`. Used to view, add, or remove metrics and parameters filters.
>   These will hide specific experiments in the table.
> - `PLOTS`. Used to fine-tune the plots dashboard, e.g. by toggling plots
>   visibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Columns**: Open the _Experiments Table_ and pick which experiment
  metrics, parameters, as well as input and output files to include (as table
  headers).
- **Experiments**: Run an experiment or choose experiments (and checkpoints)
  to include in the _Plots Dashboard_.
- **Sort by**: Set the order of the Experiments Table rows.
- **Filter by**: Quickly find or hide certain experiments from the Experiments
  Table based on their metrics and params
- **Plots**: Open the _Plots Dashboard_ and select the data series and images
  to visualize in it.
```
